Add New PVs for Channel Cut Monochromator Inserted (#1143)
pcdshub/pcdsdevices: docs/source/upcoming_release_notes/1143-optics-notepad.rst

1143 optics-notepad
#################

API Changes
-----------
- N/A

Features
--------
- N/A

Device Updates
--------------

> - added two new PVS

Reviewer: To which device for what purpose?

Author: yea, good point, updated.

> - added two new PVS to `OpticsPitchNotepad`
> - `MR2L3:PITCH:CCM:Coating1`
> - `MR2L3:PITCH:CCM:Coating2`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new PVS to ``OpticsPitchNotepad`` for storing the MR2L3 channel-cut monochromator (CCM) pitch position setpoints for its two coatings.
```

Is that accurate? I don't think we need to list the PVs here as it's an implementation detail
